#still fleshly

still behaving according to sinful or worldly desires

#are you not living according to the flesh, and are you not walking by human standards?

Paul is rebuking the Corinthians for their sinful behavior. AT: "you should be ashamed because you are behaving according to your sinful desires and you are  living by human standards!" (See: [[:en:ta:vol1:translate:figs_rquestion]])

#are you not living as human beings?

Paul is rebuking the Corinthians. AT: "you should be ashamed because you are living the same way people who do not have the Spirit live" (See: [[:en:ta:vol1:translate:figs_rquestion]])

#Who then is Apollos? And who is Paul?

Paul is emphasizing that he and Apollos are not the original source of the gospel, and therefore the Corinthians should not follow them. AT: "It is wrong to form groups to follow Apollos or Paul!" or (See: [[:en:ta:vol1:translate:figs_rquestion]])

#who is Paul

Paul is speaking of himself as though he is speaking of someone else. "who am I?" or AT: "I am not important!" (See: [[:en:ta:vol1:translate:figs_rquestion]])

#Servants through whom you believed

Paul answers his own question by saying that he and Apollos are God's servants. AT: "Paul and Apollos are servants of Christ, and you believed in Christ because we served him" (See: [[:en:ta:vol2:translate:figs_ellipsis]] and [[:en:ta:vol2:translate:figs_metonymy]])

#believed, to each of whom the Lord gave tasks

"believed. We are only people to whom the Lord gave tasks" (See: [[:en:ta:vol2:translate:figs_ellipsis]])